The pheonix Project: A novel about IT, Devops, and Helping your businss Win by Gene Kim,Kevin Behr and George Spafford
The Innovator by Walter Isaacson
Einstein: His life and Universe by Walter Isaacson
The Catheral and the Bazaar: Musing on Linux and open source by an accidental revolution by Eric S. Raymond
Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson
Hackers: heroes of the computer revolution by Steven Levy
UNIX and Linux System Administration Handbook 5th Edition by Evi Nemeth
How Linux Works, 3rd Edition: What Every Superuser Should Know 3rd Edition by Brian Ward
Just for fun by Linux Torvalds
The Chip : How Two Americans Invented the Microchip and Launched a Revolution by T.R Reid
Unlock It: The Master Key to Wealth, Success, and Significance by Dan Lok
Ai Superpowers: China, Silicon Valley, and the New World Order by Kai-fu Lee
Where the crawdads sing by Delia Owens
The Hobbit: There and back again by J.R.R Tolkien
The lord of the rings: The fellowship of the rings by J.R.R Tolkien
The lord of the rings: The two towers by J.R.R Tolkien
The lord of the rings: The return of the kings by J.R.R Tolkien
Atomic Habits:An easy and proven way to build good habits and break bad ones by James Clear
Peak: How to master almost anything by Anders Ericsson and Robert Pool
The One Thing by Gary W. Keller and Jay Papasan
Meta skills: Five talents for the robotic age by Marty Neumen
The programmers Brain: What every programmer needs to know about cognition by Felienne Hermans 5 Oct. 2022
Ready Player One by Ernest Cline(80's nerd vibes in music,video games,culture ) Nov. 10 2022
Coders at work: Reflections on the craft of programming by Peter Seibel. Nov. 21 2022
Make it stick:The science of Successful learning by Peter C. Brown, Henry L. Roediger III and Mark A. McDaniel Jan. 2023
Masters of Doom: How Two guys created an empire and transformed pop culture by David Kushner 30 Jan 2023
Our final invention: Artificial intelligence and the end of the human era by James Barrat 6 Feb 2
Linux shell scripting cookbook(second edition. Over 110 practical recipes to solve real-world shell problems, guaranteed to make you wonder how you ever lived without them) by Shantanu Tushare and Sarath Lakshman published by PACKT 14 Feb 2023
Citizen: A chronicle of the French Revolution by Simon Schama 17 Feb 2023
